Release Notes for FG/NG Mar 15 2023 (#977)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/7_Connectors/connect-to-code-repo.md

You can add a Code Repo Connector to the Account, Org, or Project scope. This topic will explain how to add it to the Project scope. The process is the same for Org and Account. 

### Important notes

> Harness performs a `git clone` to fetch files. If the fetch is timing out, it can be because the repo is too large for the network connection to fetch it before timing out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Harness performs a `git clone` to fetch files. When fetching very large repositories, the network connection may time out. 

Enable the feature flag, `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES` to fetch very large repositories from Azure Repo. When this feature flag is enabled, Harness will use provider-specific APIs to improve performance.
```

> To fetch very large repos, enable the feature flag `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES`. When this feature flag is enabled, Harness will use provider-specific APIs to improve performance.

Reviewer: delete line 21 and 23
